bbk2012-p4/content.md:genre=making-moves
bbk2012-p4/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
bbk2012-p4/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
ee-lo/content.md:genre=integer-equation
ee-lo/content.md:genre=integer-equation
ee-lo/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
ee-lo/content.md:genre=integer-equation
ee-lo/content.md:genre=integer-equation
ee-lo/content.md:genre=game
ee-lo/content.md:genre=sequence-properties
ee-lo/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
ee-lo/content.md:genre=integer-equation
ee-lo/content.md:genre=game
ee-lo/content.md:genre=integer-equation
ee-lo/content.md:genre=integer-equation
ee-lvs/content.md:genre=integer-equation
ee-lvs/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
ee-lvs/content.md:genre=proving-inequality
ee-lvs/content.md:genre=cryptarithm
ee-lvs/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
ee-lvs/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
ee-lvs/content.md:genre=proving-inequality
ee-lvs/content.md:genre=integer-equation
ee-lvs/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
ee-lvs/content.md:genre=magic-configuration
ee-lvs/content.md:genre=prove-inequality
ee-lvs/content.md:genre=game
ee-lvs/content.md:genre=magic-configuration
ee-lvs/content.md:genre=cryptarithm
ee-lvs/content.md:genre=word-problem
ee-lvs/content.md:genre=fill-in-table
ee-lvs/content.md:genre=procedure
ee-lvt/content.md:genre=integer-equation
ee-lvt/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
ee-lvt/content.md:genre=sequence-properties
ee-lvt/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
ee-lvt/content.md:genre=integer-equation
ee-lvt/content.md:genre=integer-geometry
ee-lvt/content.md:genre=integer-equation
ee-lvt/content.md:genre=game
ee-lvt/content.md:genre=integer-equation
ee-lvt/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
ee-lvt/content.md:genre=functional-equation
ee-lvt/content.md:genre=string-counting
ee-lvt/content.md:genre=decimal-manipulation
ee-lvt/content.md:genre=optimization
ee-lvt/content.md:genre=prove-inequality
ee-lvt/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
ee-lvt/content.md:genre=magic-configuration
ee-lvt/content.md:genre=cryptarithm
ee-lvt/content.md:genre=build-expression
ee-lvt/content.md:genre=integer-geometry
ee-lvt/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
ee-lvt/content.md:genre=procedure
ee-pk/content.md:genre=fill-in-table
ee-pk/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
ee-pk/content.md:genre=word-problem
ee-pk/content.md:genre=integer-equation
ee-pk/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
ee-pk/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
ee-pk/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
ee-pk/content.md:genre=fill-in-table
ee-pk/content.md:genre=word-problem
ee-pk/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
ee-pk/content.md:genre=word-problem
ee-pk/content.md:genre=string-counting
ee-pk/content.md:genre=procedure
ee-pk/content.md:genre=word-problem
ee-pk/content.md:genre=word-problem
ee-pk/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
ee-pk/content.md:genre=word-problem
ee-pk/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
ee-pk/content.md:genre=word-problem
ee-pk/content.md:genre=fill-in-table
ee-pk/content.md:genre=fill-in-table
ee-pk/content.md:genre=string-counting
ee-pk/content.md:genre=string-counting
ee-pk/content.md:genre=word-problem
ee-pk/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
ee-pk/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
ee-pk/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
ee-pk/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
ee-pk/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
ee-pk/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
ee-pk/content.md:genre=cryptarithm
ee-pk/content.md:genre=integer-equation
ee-pk/content.md:genre=cryptarithm
ee-pk/content.md:genre=word-problem
ee-pk/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
ee-pk/content.md:genre=optimization
ee-pk/content.md:genre=integer-equation
ee-pk/content.md:genre=integer-equation
ee-pk/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
ee-pk/content.md:genre=integer-equation
ee-pk/content.md:genre=integer-equation
lt-lkmmo/content.md:genre=integer-equation
lt-lkmmo/content.md:genre=optimization
lt-lkmmo/content.md:genre=integer-equation
lt-lkmmo/content.md:genre=fill-in-table
lt-lkmmo/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
lt-lkmmo/content.md:genre=special-numbers
lt-lkmmo/content.md:genre=fill-in-table
lt-lkmmo/content.md:genre=integer-equation
lt-lkmmo/content.md:genre=integer-equation
lt-lkmmo/content.md:genre=integer-equation
lt-lkmmo/content.md:genre=integer-equation
lt-lkmmo/content.md:genre=system-of-equations
lt-lkmmo/content.md:genre=special-numbers
lt-lkmmo/content.md:genre=comparison
lt-lkmmo/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
lt-lkmmo/content.md:genre=special-numbers
lt-lkmmo/content.md:genre=integer-equation
lt-lkmmo/content.md:genre=making-moves
lt-lkmmo/content.md:genre=game
lt-lkmmo/content.md:genre=integer-equation
lt-lkmmo/content.md:genre=integer-equation
lt-lkmmo/content.md:genre=game
lt-lkmmo/content.md:genre=special-numbers
lt-tst/content.md:genre=special-numbers
lt-tst/content.md:genre=special-numbers
lv-amo/content.md:* genre:optimization
lv-amo/content.md:* genre:construction
lv-amo/content.md:* genre:construction
lv-amo/content.md:* genre:digit-manipulation
lv-amo/content.md:* genre:game
lv-amo/content.md:* genre:optimization
lv-amo/content.md:* genre:digit-manipulation
lv-amo/content.md:* genre:game
lv-amo/content.md:* genre:making-moves
lv-amo/content.md:* genre:optimization
lv-amo/content.md:* genre:digit-manipulation
lv-amo/content.md:* genre:making-moves
lv-amo/content.md:* genre:optimization
lv-amo/content.md:* genre:construction
lv-amo/content.md:* genre:special-numbers,sum-of-digits
lv-amo/content.md:* genre:optimization
lv-amo/content.md:* genre:game
lv-amo/content.md:* genre:digit-manipulation
lv-amo/content.md:* genre:fill-in-table
lv-amo/content.md:* genre:making-moves
lv-amo/content.md:* genre:word-problem
lv-amo/content.md:* genre:construction
lv-amo/content.md:* genre:construction
lv-amo/content.md:* genre:magic-configuration
lv-amo/content.md:* genre:digit-manipulation
lv-nol/content.md:genre=special-numbers
lv-nol/content.md:genre=making-moves
lv-nol/content.md:genre=magic-configuration
lv-nol/content.md:genre=fill-in-table
lv-nol/content.md:genre=fill-in-table
lv-nol/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
lv-nol/content.md:genre=optimization
lv-nol/content.md:genre=games
lv-nol/content.md:genre=integer-equation
lv-nol/content.md:genre=game
lv-nol/content.md:genre=making-moves
lv-nol/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
lv-nol/content.md:genre=integer-equation
lv-nol/content.md:genre=integer-equation
lv-nol/content.md:genre=integer-equation
lv-vol/content.md:genre=integer-equation
lv-vol/content.md:genre=optimization
lv-vol/content.md:genre=digit-manipulation
lv-vol/content.md:genre=integer-equation
